feat: add proper README (#7)
canonical/chisel-docs: README.md

[![Documentation Status](https://readthedocs.com/projects/canonical-chisel/badge/?version=latest)](https://canonical-chisel.readthedocs-hosted.com/en/latest/?badge=latest)

# Chisel documentation

Documentation pages for Chisel.

## Chisel repositories

- [chisel] - main repository of the project
- [chisel-docs] - documentation repository
- [chisel-releases] - collection of package slice definitions

> ## Documentation contribution guide

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Contribution guides
```

Since the top header is already "Chisel documentation", we do not need to repeat it here.

Author: That's a good point. But this is because there can be multiple contribution guide - one for docs, one for chisel and another for chisel-releases. That's the reason for the redundant clarfication.

Reviewer: What about "Contribution guides to this repo"?

I am actually not finding this ambiguous since this readme is confined to this "chisel-docs" repo, and if chisel also has a section "Contribution guides" (which is not the case for now), its context is confined within the "chisel" repo either.

Author: Well, yeah, fair enough. Even if we include contribution guides for Chisel in the docs, I doubt they would be present in this README. I will update it to your original suggestion.

Author: Changed in fba4e08.

Prior to contributing, you must -

> - follow the [Ubuntu Code of Conduct] and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- read and accept the [Ubuntu Code of Conduct] and
```
I would say "read and accept" the code fits better in the context of "prior to contribution", since "follow" is a durative verb.

Author: I don't think anybody can _accept_ the code of conduct though. But I see your point. How about just "read the .."?

Reviewer: Agree. We can use "read and get acquainted with the..."

Author: Done in https://github.com/canonical/chisel-docs/pull/7/commits/7a257612203bc3dab69560a9fee75e5788605719.

- sign the [Canonical contributor license agreement].

### Style guides

The documentation follows the [Diataxis] principles.

The commits follow the [Conventional Commits v1.0.0] guidelines.

### Configure your environment

Chisel documentation is built on top of [Sphinx starter pack] and hosted on
[Read the Docs].

To work on the project, you will need to have Python, `python3.12-venv`, and `make` packages.

```bash

> sudo apt install make
> sudo apt install python3
> sudo apt install python3.12-venv

Reviewer: ```suggestion
sudo apt install make python3 python3.12-venv
```

Let's merge these 3 lines.

Author: Resolved by https://github.com/canonical/chisel-docs/pull/7/commits/354b1f5cc378b8f25967d47e3c45163f0d40da2c.

```

### Build documentation locally

> The [docs/](docs/) directory contains a couple of Makefiles. To see all possible

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Makefile in the [docs/](docs/) directory contains many targets. To see all possible
```

I would use the term "target" rather than "a couple of Makefiles", as Makefiles are only read at `Makefile`, and the `Makefile.sp` is just included by `Makefile`. Besides, the following sentence also regards the `make` targets, so..

Author: Resolved by https://github.com/canonical/chisel-docs/pull/7/commits/354b1f5cc378b8f25967d47e3c45163f0d40da2c.

`make` commands, run `make help`.

To watch, build and serve the document, run `make run`. To learn more, check
out the [Sphinx starter pack website].

> ### Submitting a Pull Request

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Submit a pull request
```

To be consistent with the headers above, infinitive verbs should be used, and "pull request" needn't be capitalised.

Author: Resolved by https://github.com/canonical/chisel-docs/pull/7/commits/354b1f5cc378b8f25967d47e3c45163f0d40da2c.

> After submitting a Pull Request, a few Github workflows run automatically to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After submitting a pull request, a few Github workflows run automatically to
```

Author: Resolved by https://github.com/canonical/chisel-docs/pull/7/commits/354b1f5cc378b8f25967d47e3c45163f0d40da2c.

test the changes. If one of those fails, click on the failing workflow to see
the logs to troubleshoot.

Note: more tests will be added in the future.
<!-- TODO: update the tests description once there are more -->

> After submitting a Pull Request, you changes will be reviewed by a project

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After submitting a pull request, you changes will be reviewed by a project
```

maintainer.

> ### Getting help

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Get help
```

To be consistent with the headers above and below.

Author: Resolved by https://github.com/canonical/chisel-docs/pull/7/commits/354b1f5cc378b8f25967d47e3c45163f0d40da2c.
